Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi Wendy
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Windy Borjas: Is she has my daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like a
Like every little key.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like you're actually frozen. I was, I was like, oh, it's windy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I'm going to review it from the start. Okay. So you mentioned that you, you didn't have a set routine for your day to day basis, and that you your you show your team is that you wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: You eat and sleep, but when they ask you regarding of what time do you usually wake up, you mentioned that you wake up no later than 10 o'clock, so it's usually around the range of seven to 11am usually you wake up early. When your daughter stare
Jocelyn Corrales: And but you sleep late or you wake up late. If she's not around, and that you sleep usually sleep around or before 10 o'clock, especially if your daughter is there and if you're watching movies or if you're doing that is that around you sleep. Sometimes at around 12 midnight.
Jocelyn Corrales: You reported, you have some trouble sleeping about 50% of the time and you have tried relaxation technique to sleep and tried reading a book but reading a book doesn't seem to work for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: You do not you mentioned that you do not exercise and have I have suggested for you to do exercises like you mentioned, Dr. Candle suggested to you also that you do exercise at night.
Jocelyn Corrales: That you know it might help during your sleep and that you're able to eat your breakfast, lunch and dinner. What are the other activities that you usually do in a day. Aside from that, you do household chores like
Jocelyn Corrales: cleaning the house and also do gardening or what do you like to do also
Windy Borjas: I like to clean, I guess.
Windy Borjas: I mean, I'm a very, very disorganized person I my dad would always tell me that I'm like my mom cuz like I don't know. We have a mess. Well, what seems a mess to other people is like our organization.
Windy Borjas: And my dad would organize my mom stuff she can't find nothing
Windy Borjas: Yeah. And when she has it messy, she could find everything
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: In a mess that you have there some organization in your own way of organization.
Jocelyn Corrales: And despite, you know, being the, you know, be you seem to find everything, where it is. But if somebody if if somebody tries to touch it or we arrange it you know it's
Jocelyn Corrales: It's difficult to find. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: My whole system falls apart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Windy Borjas: I like to, like, I only I have a, like a fish little trailer
Windy Borjas: And it's like,
Windy Borjas: I'd say I mean sleeps, me and my daughter, pretty good. I mean, we have a lot of room.
And
Windy Borjas: I've been trying to get into like remodeling and stuff. I've always liked to like decorate but I've never really had
Windy Borjas: Like the opportunity to do it. So now that I have my own place I've been trying to get into that, like just paint and stuff like that. Other than that, I'm before this pandemic started I
Windy Borjas: Can
Windy Borjas: You hear me now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I can hear you now you're muted.
Windy Borjas: People keep
Windy Borjas: muting me
Jocelyn Corrales: So you mentioned that you, you always wanted to try to redecorate or just you know design your home. You want to repeat and everything else. And I was. I wasn't able to hear after though when you mentioned the after during the pandemic.
Windy Borjas: Oh, I said before the pandemic started, I would just clean the house.
Windy Borjas: Pick up after my daughter sometimes little. I'm like, go to the park. Now when it started getting warmer, we started doing it again and then everything started. So now we just been staying home.
Windy Borjas: She starts school soon, my little one. So sometimes. Well, I just color or I try. I'm trying to draw right here name and stuff.
Mm hmm.
Windy Borjas: And that's it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I mean, maybe you could you could try because you mentioned you wanted to do painting.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that painting the house or painting an art painting.
Windy Borjas: Like the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do painting. When your daughter is sweet her grandmother
And she so ways, especially
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you guys do some rearranging you and she's not there because you mentioned, is she often does she go to her grandmother often
Windy Borjas: Oh no, like 5050
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, she's
Windy Borjas: She goes back and forth close
Windy Borjas: Yeah. Her dad is incarcerated right now.
Windy Borjas: So I don't have no family out here, where I live, it's all good family. So, you know, being that he's not here. I mean,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's the one thing
Jocelyn Corrales: You can miss the elevator.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, so I I stuck around out this way because they've been in her life since she was born. So
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Windy Borjas: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Change. They're very fond of her
Windy Borjas: Yeah, and
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I didn't want to change up on her. Because I feel like like she's the one that matters. I mean, yeah, would make them sad.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I think she would be affected by it more
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, because she grew up there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, she she knew her grandmother she's very close to her grandparents, and I think that's okay. It's fine, and it would also give you the opportunity to read bakery.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could be considered a bakery.
Windy Borjas: That's what, that's what I love about it too. I mean, my family, they would watch her book, they're not at home like her grandparents are out here like their home.
Windy Borjas: And these is. You know what I mean. And she enjoys the company so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I don't want to mess up her her routine because she's already
Windy Borjas: This
Jocelyn Corrales: She sees to
Windy Borjas: Reality, you know,
Windy Borjas: Like she does here cuz i mean she spoiled.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's what yeah you know grandparents are spoilers, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's a known fact
Jocelyn Corrales: I splendid children.
Windy Borjas: I'm not complaining. Cuz it also helps me a lot. Just because my depression. My issues, I feel it from time to time. It helps you know, not having to worry about.
Windy Borjas: Her being stuck, you know, and having to feel what I'm feeling
Windy Borjas: I mean I don't I don't put it on it, but I know she could feel my vibe. You know, I mean,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Was when I'm she knows that she knows, like you're sad or depressed and she feels
Windy Borjas: And it makes her sad. So
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, no. Perfect.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, when I get those episodes I let them take her and she enjoys it. She has her older sisters there so
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's good, that's good that it's working out for you and it's working out for your daughter as well and a family and you know everyone seems to be
Jocelyn Corrales: Good about it.
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Her dad is still in her life. I mean, she talks in
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Windy Borjas: But I've, I've always thought, you know, like with kids. I mean, I don't know, my parents fight over them and take them away from the other side of their family like
Windy Borjas: The more people to love them, the better.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I think that's true. I think that's true why would you take them away from you know other people when you know
Windy Borjas: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: They have a good life there.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like to be very
Jocelyn Corrales: It's going to be very traumatic for the child. If you're going to, you know, remove her from the environment where she grew up.
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I wouldn't want her to like like get scared.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, she has this sense of home out here. If I were them.
Windy Borjas: In fact Espanola she's not only will she not have her grandparents and their sisters, but she's also being an unknown. You know, I mean, I'm for
Windy Borjas: Me, please.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. UNKNOWN community and she's going to adjust. Again, it's going to be she's going to get anxious leader on
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's like, is it really the best place for me. I mean, I left.
Windy Borjas: As vanilla to get clean and be off the heroin so
Windy Borjas: That's why I just figured it was just best for us. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's a good ATL so that you see out there you know you're away from temptations and, you know,
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I mean temptation is everywhere. When you're in
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you
Windy Borjas: Got it. I mean, it don't matter where you go and drugs are always there. But I've been contemplating moving out to clay in
Windy Borjas: Or wherever my fiance ends up getting
Windy Borjas: House. Next, I don't know if they're
Windy Borjas: Moving
Windy Borjas: With the six month mark or not, but
Windy Borjas: Wherever he ends up getting put I've been debating on moving. They're all of us actually not just me and my
Windy Borjas: Daughter is grandparents as well.
Jocelyn Corrales: As a group, you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Do that. Yeah, instead of doing it, you know, just by yourself and your daughter. Maybe you could do it if if their grandparents are also planning to move, you know,
Windy Borjas: That's the ideal situation. If not,
Windy Borjas: Then I would go by myself.
Windy Borjas: For don't get established and then take my daughter.
Windy Borjas: Getting
Windy Borjas: My
Windy Borjas: Baby and without a house or don't.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes And what do you usually like to do. What are your hobbies you know what the what are the things that you you know you previously do that you do not do now, or even, you know, the things that you like to do that you are still doing or not doing
Windy Borjas: So one thing that I've always been fond of like as far back as I could remember since my first car is just going for a drive.
Windy Borjas: I've, I've used that a lot like not just do out my diction, but through life.
Windy Borjas: When I feel like I'm like going to get an anxiety attack or I'm just upset or whatever it may be.
Windy Borjas: A drive and music has always been my thing.
Jocelyn Corrales: I
Jocelyn Corrales: Tried. Have you tried, you know, walking around with nature, just in case you know if you're depressed or, you know, feeling lonely.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I have. It's never
Windy Borjas: Then something that comforts me maybe walking around with my headphones in my music. Yeah, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do that walking around, you know, we'd nature because you mentioned you love music. You could do that instead of, you know,
Windy Borjas: It's not safe to drive.
Jocelyn Corrales: Around nowadays we the you know the current pandemic. We be you could do walk around with nature.
Jocelyn Corrales: That is that crowded and you could put on your music to relax.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I've been struggling with this whole staff shit lately.
Windy Borjas: It's, it's something that's new to me. I mean, before. I've always had my daughter. Oh, you know, since she was born, but like I guess you could say me and her dad have just always been in like the fast lane.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're not used to being stuck at home at all the time. All the time.
Windy Borjas: Yeah. Yeah, it'd be different if you were home united mean but with him in God and having to be stuck at home.
Windy Borjas: I mean it's it's been hard. It's a struggle. It also has been a blessing because the time with my daughter is
Windy Borjas: Is priceless.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear. So do you like a also like painting or drawing
Jocelyn Corrales: Drawing or a craft.
Windy Borjas: Always love crafts drawing is something I've always took two more though. Just because
Windy Borjas: It's, it's always been easiest for me to keep her notebook and a pen.
Windy Borjas: As far as the craft, I guess I've just never really like taken the time to do it. I'm more of the type of person that likes to go to the store and buy all the stuff
Windy Borjas: Or get online and just look at all kinds of things that I could do
Jocelyn Corrales: And then I do
Windy Borjas: I don't have the time to do it, I guess, or I never did before. Now, I guess that
Could be. So, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That could be something you could do like showing and crafts, you know,
Windy Borjas: It's also good thing to like with my daughter.
She's threes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a good thing to get your daughter involved with graphs. Also, you know, just the basic graphs, you know, just cutting and pasting, you know, and let her identify, you know, why not do you know she's since she's three years old already why. Let's do some things like
Jocelyn Corrales: In your own way for her to be able to identify the different kinds of shapes the different kinds of colors and you do it by hand. So it's like doing a craft for yourself but you're also doing something educational for your daughter.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I think I would. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: He tried to do some yeah you get you because you mentioned you like drawing you could do you know you could do some, you know, you could do it just like your own craft, like, you know, there are many DIY so you know
Jocelyn Corrales: That you could use or that you could do that. Is that could also be useful for a toddler, like for example you've tried to make shapes like different types of shapes like triangles bars and you know you make those stars decorated as well. And you could do a matching matching shapes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And yes, and you could do, you know, you'd mentioned you love crafts. One way of, you know, letting the kids know about the letters is also, you know, have you tried trying to sue letters, you know, it's like a club that is formed letter A, B or alphabets, they would look cute.
Windy Borjas: That'd be cool.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Joy that yeah and it's also a fun thing for you to do because you know I me. I also love doing crafts and always wanted to do that one.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, the letter crafts.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, that'd be I might. I might go grab some stuff to do that with her.
Jocelyn Corrales: And, you know, once you're able to finish that craft you know let her play with it and you let her, you know, identify teacher at the same time. This is letter E, or you know what he sees the color red, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Color for make it colorful so that she could also aside from, you know, from learning the letter she could also learn that
Jocelyn Corrales: Too. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and would be good. So your mental health. You mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: You're having a problem right now because you're, you know, you're alone and you're alone with your daughter, because your husband is you know incarcerated.
Jocelyn Corrales: How do you manage it. How do you, how do you manage the stress and how do you accept the challenge that you are going through right now.
Windy Borjas: I'm accepting it is a little
Windy Borjas: Bit a battle for me. I guess I'm dealing with it. I'd have to say marijuana
Windy Borjas: Um,
Windy Borjas: I've been trying to get my medical license, just because it's something that's helped me since
Windy Borjas: Far before my addiction started
Windy Borjas: I've always had real real bad anxiety.
Windy Borjas: Since I since I was a young maybe about I think I remember
Windy Borjas: Being about seven
Windy Borjas: When I was diagnosed with it.
Windy Borjas: And I would get, like, the worst panic attacks.
Windy Borjas: Awful and
Windy Borjas: You know I
Windy Borjas: Ran into marijuana and
Windy Borjas: At first it was just something I mean I was young. Good. I mean, just to try it. It actually ended up being something that helps me. I've used it since. And as I got older, I developed like the depression.
Windy Borjas: I've been told bipolar disorder.
Windy Borjas: And the marijuana just helps me, you know,
Windy Borjas: I guess.
Windy Borjas: Be more centered
Windy Borjas: And at ease.
Windy Borjas: Because without it. I'm just agitated and frustrated. I just don't like to be around anybody. I mean, with the exception of my daughter, my daughter is like the only person that I can deal with and have around me at any level.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you're muted.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I can hear you now. Okay, let's go back to you being a spiritual person and you believe in a higher power and re you have a very strong faith.
Jocelyn Corrales: You need a higher power and you couldn't cedar. And currently, you're not doing yoga, but you consider doing it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe you could do. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I had when I got pregnant with my daughter was something I was going to do is the pregnant yoga.
But I just, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: I was there.
Windy Borjas: For the first half of it. And then the last half I had heartburn every day so
Jocelyn Corrales: That's how you're able to. Yeah, you could actually still do yoga, but try not doing the complicated things first just did a very basic yoga. First, you know, just started off, we had, you know, the basic things then later on, due to the duty more you know, the median type of
Jocelyn Corrales: Teens or position.
Windy Borjas: That they do need to get online and then
Windy Borjas: Like, look, you know, like from the basics to whatever. So I know because I
Jocelyn Corrales: Actually yes yes you could actually search on Google, the different positions for yoga and you could actually read something about it for free.
Windy Borjas: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You can just do it you can just do it at home.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and with regards to your social relationship you said you live in a home.
Windy Borjas: I'm here.
Windy Borjas: I have another yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have you live with your husband.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And how many kids do you have
Windy Borjas: I have just the one with my husband, he has two older daughters.
Windy Borjas: I mean, there
Windy Borjas: They have another mom but she's not around anymore. So they're, you know, they're mine.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you have you have one biological kid and two stepdaughters
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that does this step daughter sleep video. No.
Windy Borjas: No, they live with their grandmother
Jocelyn Corrales: But you love your stepdaughters
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Oh yeah. They've I've been in their lives, since they were small. When I moved up there with their dad. I think they were like,
Windy Borjas: Five and
Windy Borjas: Six are fighting seven
Jocelyn Corrales: Or they're still very small
Windy Borjas: Yes, so now they're
Windy Borjas: Going to be in middle school. This or
Windy Borjas: This next coming year if school goes back to normal.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: There you have mentioned that your husband is incarcerated.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And but you have a good relationship with your husband and your daughters and you're in Los
Windy Borjas: Yeah, they his grandparents have
Windy Borjas: You know done a lot for me, they're
Windy Borjas: There for me. I mean, when I relapsed and ended up in jail, they let me come back up here and move in with them until I got, you know, till we got our stuff back from
Windy Borjas: spiel, we had with the landlord and you know they've they've just always been there through those tough times when nobody else has been
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear that you have a good support.
Windy Borjas: I left destiny. Oh, you know, I had just gotten clean off of the heroin and I relapsed like
Windy Borjas: A whole month into being a starting my sobriety I relapse and those are around the same time I met my daughter's dad.
Windy Borjas: He had just gotten out of prison and he's also an ex heroin addict.
Windy Borjas: In recovery now.
Windy Borjas: We both relapse. Around the same time, he ended up picking up charges ended up in jail. And then I wasn't that far behind.
Windy Borjas: I ended up in jail. And when I got out. I didn't have nothing or nobody my family.
Windy Borjas: We have we struggle to see i'd i guess because I
Windy Borjas: I've haven't lived the life that they
Jocelyn Corrales: Knew one thing you
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I mean, I've had a great life. I don't regret anything. You know, I have my daughter, my husband and his
My stepdaughters
Windy Borjas: I wouldn't change anything, but they're just more of
Windy Borjas: Straight and narrow.
Windy Borjas: Parents
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to your own family, your parents, uh, you're not in contact with them. Right. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I
Windy Borjas: Am on a on a date. Let's say every day.
Windy Borjas: For the most part, sometimes it's every other day but yeah I I remain in contact with them.
Windy Borjas: They, they always check in. I always check in on them and make sure they're okay. Um, I haven't gotten to see them in a long time since
Windy Borjas: Wow, like 2018
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, but you still have a good relationship with your parents in your sisters and siblings.
Windy Borjas: Yes, oh, well, my parents, my grandmother, they
Jocelyn Corrales: Have they have a sister or a brother.
Windy Borjas: I have two brothers.
Windy Borjas: But they're they're only half brothers, the one. Okay, so I have one. We have the same mom and different dads and then my other brother, we have the same data but different moms.
Jocelyn Corrales: This mine.
Jocelyn Corrales: routers are you close to your half murders.
Um,
Windy Borjas: I wouldn't say so on the one that's here in New Mexico, we, we are so alike that we just
Windy Borjas: We mirror each other and we don't like it.
Windy Borjas: A lot
Jocelyn Corrales: So, okay.
Windy Borjas: I mean we just we've always been real. I don't know how to how you would explain it like
We go.
Windy Borjas: Fight.
Windy Borjas: For years and years and then one of us ends up in a tough situation or a hard spot, you know, are we both do at the same time. And we always just tracked back to one another like he's always been the door that open when I didn't have nowhere to go.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I've always been that
Jocelyn Corrales: From him. Wow. You may clash with each other, but you know predators are still they're always there for you.
Windy Borjas: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: And my other brother. He's an Idaho.
Windy Borjas: Because that's where I was born. I'm originally from Idaho, but he stayed out there.
Windy Borjas: I left on my dad passed away. I was young and I used to go like once a year, every year, up until I was like 13
Mm hmm.
Windy Borjas: So I haven't really seen my other brother. I mean,
Windy Borjas: I've, I know he's been going through a rough time I should reach out, but he's just so hard to get ahold of he's hard to find.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay. So you're the one you're in contact with. Is your mother grandparents and your other brother.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, my mom, my dad, my just my grandmother
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Windy Borjas: I'd say my, my brother. Okay.
Windy Borjas: He has reached out to me as well. But we just have
Windy Borjas: A History of this repetitive.
Windy Borjas: You know cycle.
Windy Borjas: You know we retract back to one another, things go. Good. And then something always happens. I mean, in the
Jocelyn Corrales: Past.
Windy Borjas: Then a relapse for me or relapse for him or we both relapse other and then we end up fighting arguing and then just back in the same, same thing.
Windy Borjas: Well, we kind of like a title. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, we just kind of, you know,
Windy Borjas: Put up. I guess a little wall and we talk will say hello. Every now and then kind of like a wave of
Over the fans.
Windy Borjas: Are you doing, and then
Windy Borjas: That happened nice day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine.
Windy Borjas: We just
Windy Borjas: You know, he he's doing his own thing and I just been doing
Jocelyn Corrales: If you're also just thinking here on, you know,
Windy Borjas: Yeah, this is the first time I've ever been on my own.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like
Windy Borjas: I was with you know I've all i guess 5050 in a way because like I would always have my parents to go back to
Windy Borjas: I still do I know if I lost everything. And I had nowhere to go. Me and my daughter could go there.
Windy Borjas: You know, but I wouldn't choose to go there. I'm not good.
Windy Borjas: So, you know, like I got sick last November.
Windy Borjas: Very sick. Like I it wasn't the flu.
Windy Borjas: They're saying it could have been coven 19 since then.
Windy Borjas: I don't know what it was, but I know that I was
Windy Borjas: Serving wine that I couldn't even get up to go to the bathroom.
Windy Borjas: I couldn't make nothing to eat. And I remember thinking, I want my mom.
Windy Borjas: This sucks. My husband's gone
Windy Borjas: I mean, I went from having my parents to always having my husband.
Jocelyn Corrales: He did everything
Windy Borjas: Like everything to to down to my schedule. If I had an appointment, he would tell me that morning he would wake me up.
Windy Borjas: You know, I mean, he was always
Windy Borjas: always there to to do all that for me. So when he left. And they took him away.
Windy Borjas: That's when I had my last relapse.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Windy Borjas: Since then he he's been in and out. So I had no choice but to, you know, learn how to how to live in adult life.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and
Windy Borjas: My daughter, cuz I've never had.
Windy Borjas: You know, I have nieces and nephews that look up to me, but not like my daughter.
Windy Borjas: It's, it's amazing to me like I just watch how she's growing up and
Windy Borjas: I trip out because I'm like I created that little wife.
Windy Borjas: And yes, she's just she's so awesome. So
Windy Borjas: I don't want any seeing that
Windy Borjas: You know she ends up ashamed of or or disappointed in one day when she's there. I don't want, I don't want to have to experience what that feels like. Because I i've been in that position and
Windy Borjas: Been embarrassed of my mom and disappointed in my mom.
A
Windy Borjas: Later age so
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't want
Jocelyn Corrales: A better feeling that same way.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yeah. And my
Windy Borjas: Family cycle.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yes, that's, you know, it's good to hear that you know you wanted to change and you want to be better for your daughter and actually listen good mindset.
Windy Borjas: I just, I feel like every parent, you know, now with this our new generation. I mean, I feel like I was the last of the old generation.
Windy Borjas: My year was united mean the last year's that parents fucking disciplined us and
Windy Borjas: You know, raised us with respect and morality, just being human. These kids nowadays are just so so wrapped up in technology and just the wrong things like yeah
Windy Borjas: I don't want my daughter.
Windy Borjas: To have to go down the path I did and have it 10 times worse because that's what I see our future holds. You know what I mean. If anybody didn't start
Windy Borjas: Pumping the brakes and I just want my daughter to to be independent and
Windy Borjas: A strong woman that doesn't have to be dependent on any of these
Windy Borjas: These intelligent, guys.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true, that's true so windy, are you currently working
Windy Borjas: No, I was in the process of job search when all this happened and now it seems like everywhere in Bloomfield is saying they're on a hiring hold
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Hold
Jocelyn Corrales: Again, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know, because the current situation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I understand it, but the are in the process of job searching. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I've, I haven't been successful yet. I kind of
Windy Borjas: I guess veered from that that path.
Windy Borjas: I've gotten lazy. Just because we've had to be at home and
Windy Borjas: When, when I have to like stay
Windy Borjas: Where it is. It doesn't have to be here. I could be at my grandparents or my mom's
Windy Borjas: Wherever. I'm at if I'm in one place for too long. I just end up falling into this like slump, I guess.
Windy Borjas: And that's when my depression starts to bother me. So then I end up just like stuck in a depression mold.
Windy Borjas: It, you know, I feel like a prisoner in my own mind sometimes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you do you, how are you able to manage your bills.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you on a
Do
Windy Borjas: What I had been using was because my husband got approved for SSI, a long time ago and it was way before he, you know, ended up getting picking up a case and
Windy Borjas: And all that. So I was very fortunate because right when they
Windy Borjas: picked him up and myself, I should say. And you know, I mean, I was able to detox and get a clear mindset. Then we got a little bit of the back pain.
Windy Borjas: So, you know, instead of it going to partying and drugs and pointless. Shit, I was able to, you know, use that for as long as I could, I mean, my parents have always financially supported me. I mean, it sucks to say that book.
Windy Borjas: I guess you could say, I'm
Windy Borjas: A freelancer
Windy Borjas: I mean, clean
Windy Borjas: Have a friend that owns our works at manages the motel here in Bloomfield, so you know if I need money for something. I usually just go clean some rooms.
Windy Borjas: I don't have like a set job but
Windy Borjas: You know, I have a few
Jocelyn Corrales: You still earning
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I feel
Windy Borjas: Good. I just, I still work, but just nothing taxable.
Windy Borjas: My grandmother helps me a lot. Show. Let me do like cleaning and stuff for her, or if I need money. So I usually just do that, you know, like
Windy Borjas: Whenever I get a chance and I save up any little
Jocelyn Corrales: Money, I
Windy Borjas: Get I get a tribal checks twice a year. So
Windy Borjas: I mean, I'm not rich, but we're comfortable and we have what we need.
Windy Borjas: And that's, that's all I've ever wanted to achieve. I mean, I never really had any like big goals. You know what I mean, just because I just fell into a different lifestyle so early. I didn't really have. I didn't give myself the opportunity. I had the grades. I graduated high school
Windy Borjas: Honors. I mean I had it all cut out for me. I just went a different route because I fell into the drugs and all that. Okay.
Windy Borjas: I'd still stay I i've been successful at what
Windy Borjas: The idea. My parents painted for me of a
Windy Borjas: Successful adult life was I mean I've success. I've been successful at that, even without college and all that. You know what I mean. But I also have
Windy Borjas: Raped. You know what I mean, the negative impact of not doing it the right way. Yeah, because drugs and all that only leads to two places in jail or dead.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, or depression.
Jocelyn Corrales: My depression.
Windy Borjas: Yep.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, you, you mentioned that you do works, you know, simple tasks like cleaning room so you are able to
Windy Borjas: In the beginning when we were talking about my day to day. I'm sorry.
Windy Borjas: I wasn't even thinking about like when you asked me if I have a job I
Windy Borjas: Just say no because
Windy Borjas: Everybody I run into or come across that I have discussed it when that's not a job.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're still earning your money.
Jocelyn Corrales: And yeah, so you do manage your own finances and pay for your own bills.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and I think it's good that even if you're not
Jocelyn Corrales: Really working on a, you know, on a regular basis, but it's at least you're still earning something you know by cleaning rooms or doing something, you know, maybe you could also do some craft. If you're very good at craft. You could also sell some of your stuff that you're doing.
Windy Borjas: I usually do that like with like food.
Windy Borjas: Like make like cookies or cook you
Jocelyn Corrales: Cook. Well, that's good.
Windy Borjas: I just like asked, like my grandma. She'll ask her friends and
Windy Borjas: You know, like my husband was always a very
Windy Borjas: Very, how would you say have
Jocelyn Corrales: A good promoter.
Windy Borjas: Oh, he's a very
Windy Borjas: Very good.
Windy Borjas: Yeah. So because of him. I met a lot of good people, you know, around my community and
Windy Borjas: All over the place so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: You know that it helped establish a lot of outlets for me to be able to support me and my daughter united mean like we don't always have the extras book, we have what we need and some
Jocelyn Corrales: How you do baking. I just discovered you do baking and I think
Windy Borjas: I, I love baking. I, I always liked it since I was young. My grandma. I mean, we're Native American. So we have feast and all that. So cooking always been one thing that I did take from my childhood.
Windy Borjas: And it's funny because I never intended to like learn like I was never paying attention to actually take anything from it. I would just wanted the food.
Windy Borjas: And what
Windy Borjas: When I moved out here with my husband. I mean, somebody had to cook. He can cook but
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I didn't want to be that wife.
Windy Borjas: Don't know how to cook. So I just started one day and I never stopped.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's like a talent. Actually it's a talent cooking.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. So with regards to not working well for you. We talk about what's working well for you. And I think I saw some things because you also mentioned
Jocelyn Corrales: The things that's not working well for you. Just like sleeping. Sometimes you're having trouble sleeping, and sometimes you're waking up late in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have beans.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, my back my back has stayed really really messed up from like all the drug use.
Windy Borjas: And I'm
Windy Borjas: As of late. I mean, not as of late. But recently I i've been battling like with the addiction with the methamphetamines
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Windy Borjas: So that doesn't help because I, you know, fall off the wagon and then
Windy Borjas: Get back on and then I do good and then fall off again.
Windy Borjas: You know my you know my body. I would say is strange.
Windy Borjas: From that just because I mean I'm not getting any younger
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true.
Windy Borjas: Getting older but
Windy Borjas: Pulling it
Jocelyn Corrales: And your body's getting the effects of what you have been previously doing, you know,
Windy Borjas: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: We do exercise, she could do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, slowly this time, we mentioned, we could start with 15 minutes then a week after once you're able to tolerate 15 minutes we could do 20 minutes then a week after once you're able to tolerate the 20 minutes we could go 25 minutes 30 minutes until you're able to tolerate 45
Windy Borjas: Original. Original plan for it when me and Dr. Kendall, I talked about it was I wanted to start off with something like just walking
Windy Borjas: Even a vicious
Windy Borjas: Of my street, not even all the way, just quarter guy with her and then when I'm
Windy Borjas: Active and you know I mean can do that with no problem, then I wanted to start getting into like more of like the yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, we could start with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Baby. So, yes, yes. Baby steps. That's true. So what we're going to plan as well. With regards to waking up I advice, even if your daughter's not there, I advise you to wake up early, maybe around nine o'clock apiece.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, set up at around 11
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's say eight o'clock to nine o'clock. That's not too early.
Windy Borjas: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, you know, so that you can do more in a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And just in case you know set an alarm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Set up on wake up late. So just in case you wake up early, turn off the alarm. So let's say set an alarm at around 830 so that to make sure that you know it reminds you to wake up really
Windy Borjas: Mm hmm. Yeah, I'll do that.
Windy Borjas: Try and get on a set routine.
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I get. I get it going and then I just give beard off.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. So let's start. You know, just like waking up. Let's start with baby steps. So let's wake up at around 830 to nine o'clock, you know, let's not do very early in the morning. So let's do
Jocelyn Corrales: Around that time, and since you're able to wake up early, you'll be able to eat on time. Because if you're late up if you wake up late sometimes. You won't be able to eat breakfast, you just eat brunch.
Jocelyn Corrales: Will plan on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and eat healthy because you cook eat healthy food.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I, I just been in a real
Windy Borjas: It's kind of hard adjusting to getting back to my, you know, I mean, day to day
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, my
Jocelyn Corrales: Day to day activity.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, it's been a struggle. These last two years, I've been pretty rough
Jocelyn Corrales: So what I'm trying to do here is that we are. I'm trying to get you get back on your
Jocelyn Corrales: Life and routine. So let's make this a routine waking up early, but but we'll, we'll do this like a baby steps, you know, we'll do this gradually not
Jocelyn Corrales: Immediate all immediately. So let's start with a very basic course. Like, for example, waking up early eating on time. So when you eat, try to eat healthy foods and avoid unhealthy snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your ad else you've mentioned, I think you already have blend this week. Dr. Candle exercise every day.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Started walking
Windy Borjas: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe when you're able to do that, walking, you know, we could do an exercise at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh you do walking. I think it's good. You know, you do walking every morning and you do exercise at home before you go to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so
Jocelyn Corrales: I think yes because walking is not, you know, very tiring. So at least maybe five to 10 five to 15 minutes of walking in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then before you go to sleep so that you will be able to sleep, you know you get tired and you'll be able to sleep. You do exercise before you sleep so you exercise at home, just to just do the basic routines in yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: That sounds good to me.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know, when you do yoga. You could actually listen to music. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could actually do you know i don't know if you find nature sounds boring but if not you just do your
Jocelyn Corrales: Routine music when you do yoga because when you do yoga. It's also a form of mind relaxation could also use nature sound might
Windy Borjas: Think at all like nature.
Windy Borjas: Down.
Windy Borjas: I think I would start out with, with nothing just
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you could do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: And and if you think you get bored and when you know
Windy Borjas: In your feelings. I get it. I mean,
Windy Borjas: Yes, better control of getting myself centered
Windy Borjas: Like I can
Windy Borjas: Get when we do it like for group and stuff with no problem. But that's because like somebody coating me
Windy Borjas: To be able to get myself to self.
Windy Borjas: Know, at any given moment, if things are just feeling a little too hectic.
Windy Borjas: But I haven't perfected it yet.
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what I did for that iOS is exercise every day we'd walk eating then exercise and yoga at home before bedtime.
Jocelyn Corrales: Walking in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for the routine activity arts and crafts to do
Jocelyn Corrales: For your daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know, I would like to, you know, maybe next month when I'm meeting you again because I, what I do is I also monitor
Jocelyn Corrales: Patients. So after the initial rap. I'm going to monitor you every month and check on you, you know, if it's working well, or you're doing crafts already and I hope I'll be able to see one of your craft you know the one you did for your daughter.
Windy Borjas: I'll try and
Windy Borjas: Get us set up to do one students so that way by the next time I see you. We can have one
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. No worries. He have a one month to prepare that and I hope your daughter is also learning by that time.
Windy Borjas: I know she's actually picking up things very fashionable their numbers one through 10
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. Yeah, you could teach her the letters, you know, using that crafty.
Windy Borjas: You see downs almost has them down, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Not quite. And, and we don't let this that you're going to make you know making this a pushy type, you know, like a stuffed a type, you know, you know, you could actually form words be those letters, you know, at least it did.
Windy Borjas: Were you
Windy Borjas: Like, like I've seen like
Windy Borjas: Things like for younger kids that are like caterpillars. They use caterpillars to make the letters or a guy would use like those pipe cleaners and like
Windy Borjas: Put eyes on them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it can be can be like that. Like, for example, you make a letter and you make and, you know, something that she could match that letter to that particular item or thing. Yeah, I think you're muted again.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I think you can still hear me.
Windy Borjas: Make up actual, actual
Windy Borjas: Like the word for that letter, make it
Windy Borjas: Literally
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: And then
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Windy Borjas: red apple.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or like, yes, yes, you make a red apple so that you know it's a for Apple, a letter A is for Apple in
Jocelyn Corrales: And red color because you know Apple Easter it
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And those are for our age.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you may get a range so that the color is also ordering
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm, you know, I'm excited. Maybe you could do some art or craps about it and he showed me next month. If you're, you know, if you're a debit.
Windy Borjas: I think she'll enjoy it very much.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and you're, you know, you mentioned you you wanted to do job hunting, but since it's very difficult to find one nowadays. Maybe you could do some cooking, you know, you mentioned you love cooking and baking.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I could do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could do that. And you could sell it to your, you know, friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Especially, especially a lot of people nowadays they don't want to go out, you know, you could cook something
Windy Borjas: That
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially if its food, you know,
Windy Borjas: Yeah, but everybody stuck at home. I bet you and then people got their stimulus money so
Windy Borjas: You to buy it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I think they would
Jocelyn Corrales: End the update me it's coming. My
Windy Borjas: We do that. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: cooking and baking.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, for, you know, to take your time off, and also for income.
Yeah.
Windy Borjas: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like, it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, it's like hitting two birds at one time.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, you
Jocelyn Corrales: Distract yourself and at the same time you're earning this crafts dislike craft you know you love doing crafts, you know, it's one way of, you know, relaxing you
Windy Borjas: And to
Jocelyn Corrales: My daughter. Yes, it's like, you know, doing things. One thing, but, you know, it hits
Windy Borjas: To hear that's awesome be
Jocelyn Corrales: Paying for
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you should go to bed at around 10 o'clock, maybe
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: 10pm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's make it a habit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And although there's also some cheat day like principle, if your daughter in there, is there and you like to watch movies on a week in
Jocelyn Corrales: But not on a regular basis, making you could do it on a one time or two time basis, you know, but
Windy Borjas: I've been trying to like get a bed time set and established for her. Just because with being home and her sisters out of school. It's said are her schedule off not
Windy Borjas: Mean I don't have a set when I try to keep hers, you know. Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I even if I'm rushing around I wake up late or whatever. I try to stick to her schedule as much
Jocelyn Corrales: As i think that's that's a good idea. So that you're, you know, you let her wake up early and sleep.
Windy Borjas: When she started school to
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and exercise so
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to do your exercise after out eight o'clock, maybe set up at around 10 o'clock, you'll be able to sleep already. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we're going to reveal week you around 30 to 35 days. Let's do the same time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like today and support people bright heart health, and I have, I haven't. I forgot to ask you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you are therapies in your, you know, doctors, very helpful to your situation nowaday are they being very helpful. Amy is bright heart health, very helpful to your friend situation.
Windy Borjas: Yes. You guys have been awesome.
Windy Borjas: I haven't had one problem at all that
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear.
Windy Borjas: I'm so happy that I found you know not found. But I took the initiative to switch over from
Windy Borjas: You know the clinic. I was going to just because they'd all
Windy Borjas: They all offer the same things you guys do like
They're
Windy Borjas: They're there to help you but they're more of like, take your medication.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're being a mitigation.
Windy Borjas: Here's a cup go pin it
Windy Borjas: On a sticker and okay it's good and throw it away, like they don't really monitor you know i mean
Windy Borjas: Take time to ask
Windy Borjas: Us to take our meds and get out of their
Jocelyn Corrales: Way. Yes.
Windy Borjas: So with you guys, it's been it's nice to be able to you know i mean
Windy Borjas: Even just
Windy Borjas: Call in if you can, but I use virtual Tinea i mean i got Wi Fi at home. Specifically, so I could have good service for it. I mean, sometimes it acts up but
Windy Borjas: I know if I needed to talk to anybody, for whatever reason, I could just call him.
Jocelyn Corrales: Co. Yes, yes, he could. And I think you have my contact number. That's my contact number two, when I'm texting you, you could say my car. That's my direct contact number
Jocelyn Corrales: Just in case you need someone to talk to, you could always message me, you could always message me ahead or you could call me, you know, okay.
Windy Borjas: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I actually heard that from other patients also that you know they been to some clinics and it didn't work out for them because you know when they go to clinics. They're just given medications in
Jocelyn Corrales: No, there's nothing more than even medications testing in that's that's the end of it. And you know, it's, you know, they like it when you know they're in therapy is talk to them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Staffs are very helpful.
Windy Borjas: I found it a struggle. Just because like there. It's too lenient like for me.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, I have to have somebody
Windy Borjas: Regardless of
Jocelyn Corrales: Your muted. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: I guess give you know me. That little reminder that
Windy Borjas: I do have that responsibility to
Windy Borjas: To maintain a good standing and
Windy Borjas: You don't. I mean,
Windy Borjas: It's not only just that it's also a motivational because you
Windy Borjas: Guys board us you know i mean
Windy Borjas: I mean, I grew up. I mean,
Windy Borjas: Groups are great. I love the groups.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good to hear.
Windy Borjas: I started with.
Windy Borjas: My this session, you know, and I'll continue with it. I'm sure all in dreams.
Jocelyn Corrales: And the people they are not judgmental of you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, exactly. Okay, so let me share my screen so that you can see the plan. I just put in the basic plan. Let's not put a very complicated plan here. So, because you know we just want it to be.
Jocelyn Corrales: Ideal and not really ideal but you know
Windy Borjas: Permanent yet.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, we could always change this one so I have placed in here, what's working well for you and I'll just end it nice leader to fill in the what's not working well for you because I play see it all here either was working well. I'm just going to edit this later.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to the routine. I have written here in the plan. Our goal is for you to
Jocelyn Corrales: Set up a plan. I don't want to do. I don't want you to do planning for us. Let's just take baby steps. Maybe the next time we meet, I could suggest you that you do a planning or your day to day planning, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Anyway, we'll just do the basic things first. So wake up regularly set up an alarm so that you will be able to wake up at around 830 in the morning, eat on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: On time, so that is breakfast, lunch and dinner on time and try to eat healthy food in avoid and healthy snacks. Just to just junk foods or chips.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities of daily living. So start with everyday walking every morning, you know, maybe let's start with five minutes. Then later on.
Jocelyn Corrales: 10 minutes than 15 minutes until you're able to get the hang of it 15 minutes of walking is already fine then exercise and yoga at home before bedtime, so that you know it would help you to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: At night.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also make you feel and active also
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you want
Jocelyn Corrales: You know when you do exercise every day, you would actually feel energized, you know, you don't feel tired and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe, yeah. And you feel lazy.
Jocelyn Corrales: But do but we doing are doing regular exercise it would actually make you active. So you be able to do more in a day.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, that would be a big help.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's true, that's true. It motivates you through the whole day and you know it you know we I have included the hearing the activities to know to take your mind have so many things. So you could do make yourself busy with graphs and cooking.
Jocelyn Corrales: Output here make so me so they see doing. Thanks.
Windy Borjas: Yeah.
Windy Borjas: To sounds great.
Jocelyn Corrales: So to take your mind off too much thinking you could do so many activities, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: You can do arts and crafts for your daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could also spare some time to do some cooking and baking, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: If not cooking, you know, sometimes it could be difficult, doing some
Jocelyn Corrales: Cleaning you know in your friends motel or hotel right now because of the situation and for safety reasons. Maybe you could do cooking and baking, you know, you could also answer it.
Windy Borjas: Over there was around people so much
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and sleep around
Jocelyn Corrales: Their own 10 o'clock so exercise it on a law student, you'll be able to sleep early and I think we could do our own that then maybe next month when they see you, we could do. I could suggest for you to write down your plan, you know, the two day plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: I usually suggest that to the
Jocelyn Corrales: Two patients, but I think we have to set your routine for us. Then once we are able to set your routine, then maybe it comes to you doing the daily plans to know. Like, for example, you put in what chores to do for this particular day, what activities. Maybe we could do that later on.
Windy Borjas: Yeah, that works. That's that sounds better to me to
Jocelyn Corrales: Our case I'm going to save this and I'm going to end this, you know, while later on and
Windy Borjas: To me after you edit it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I usually edit a copy of this to my patients so that you, you have a guide and let me see if I could make you sign this one for a while. Let me share it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: But if not, it's OK. It's not. It's OK for you not, you know, let's try if you're able to sign this one. Can you try if you can say this one.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you control the
Jocelyn Corrales: We could actually do it again, just in case it
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you see my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you get out, you can actually do it again.
Windy Borjas: How do I do it again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Let me reset it for a while. No worries.
Windy Borjas: Or it could put in my keyboard. I didn't see the keyboard.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Let me reset it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh wait for a while. Let me close this one.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let me have you sign it again. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And share it again.
Windy Borjas: I think this app is so cool.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. You know, I think your phone is good because you're able to sign up. There are some patients who are not able to sign this actually. So it's kind of a complicated that are tricky, tricky thing to do. So can you try saying it again. Say it again.
Windy Borjas: I was trying
Windy Borjas: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It just takes some time. You know, just like you did earlier. It just took time to reflect on my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yep, I see the W there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, I see your name.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, let me save this. Where are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's saving. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nice. Yes, I got this. I got your signature already no worry. I'm going to send you a copy of this once I added this, you surely let's see at the end of the week. Probably will be able to send you a copy but
Jocelyn Corrales: Please take note, I think you could you could remember what our plan is, you know, do some graphs in the middle, just the basic wake up early exercise and do some graphs in bakey
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, easy to remember.
Windy Borjas: Yep. Sounds like a plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and I love the plan. And I'm very excited to see you next month. I hope I get to see your projects.
Windy Borjas: I know, I know. I'm excited to start them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, it was great talking to you when the, you know,
Windy Borjas: Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I
Jocelyn Corrales: Look, I look forward to seeing you again next month, and I hope you still have been just like what we do today.
Windy Borjas: Me too. I'm excited. Thank you so much.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, thank you. Wendy and have a great day and we'll be safe out there. Okay.
Windy Borjas: I will you too. Bye.
Bye.